readme.md, before:


<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/qL9KJt0.png" alt="Logo" width="199" height="51">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">DarkblowPB Website Template</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Open Sources Point Blank V42 Website
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

There are many great open sources website for Point Blank On Internet, so I created this enhanced one. I want to create a Website template so amazing that it'll be the last one you ever need -- I think this is it.

Here's why:
* Your time should be focused on creating something amazing. A project that solves a problem and helps others
* You shouldn't be doing the same tasks over and over like creating a Website from scratch
* You should implement DRY principles to the rest of your life :smile:

Of course, no one template will serve all projects since your needs may be different. So I'll be adding more in the near future. You may also suggest changes by forking this repo and creating a pull request or opening an issue. Thanks to all the people have contributed to expanding this template!

A list of commonly used resources that I find helpful are listed in the acknowledgements.

### Built With

This site is built with Codeigniter 3 & PostgreSQL, follow link below to understand how they work.
* [Codeigniter](https://codeigniter.com)
* [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

For first time, you must be confused about the site structure, simple explanation is, this site using MVC structure, using [Codeigniter](https://codeigniter.com) framework.
for installing this site, you can using Git or Download manually this project into your machine.

	1. Clone using Git / Download manually this repository.
	2. Start your Local web Server (ex. XAMPP).
	3. Copy this project to "htdocs" folder (every local web server have different folder name).
	4. Done.

And how to configure this website? Follow this step clearly:

	1. Open "darkblow_config.json".
	2. Setup your credentials server.
	3. Done.
	
### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* git
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website
  ```


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact
<a href="https://facebook.com/Ultimate.Defacer">Facebook</a><br>
<a href="https://instagram.com/dev_eyetracker">Instagram</a><br>
<a href="https://discord.gg/zcwBaK9rRG">Discord</a>

<!-- REFERENCE -->
## Reference
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1361925/how-to-enable-socket-in-php">Xampp Socket</a><br>
<a href="https://codeigniter.com/userguide3/">Codeigniter 3 User Guide</a><br>

Commit message:

Rework For News Management System & Add New Social Settings

readme.md, after:

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/qL9KJt0.png" alt="Logo" width="199" height="51">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">DarkblowPB Website Template</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Open Sources Point Blank V42 Website
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

There are many great open sources website for Point Blank On Internet, so I created this enhanced one. I want to create a Website template so amazing that it'll be the last one you ever need -- I think this is it.

Here's why:

- Your time should be focused on creating something amazing. A project that solves a problem and helps others
- You shouldn't be doing the same tasks over and over like creating a Website from scratch
- You should implement DRY principles to the rest of your life :smile:

Of course, no one template will serve all projects since your needs may be different. So I'll be adding more in the near future. You may also suggest changes by forking this repo and creating a pull request or opening an issue. Thanks to all the people have contributed to expanding this template!

A list of commonly used resources that I find helpful are listed in the acknowledgements.

### Built With

This site is built with Codeigniter 3 & PostgreSQL, follow link below to understand how they work.

- [Codeigniter](https://codeigniter.com)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

For first time, you must be confused about the site structure, simple explanation is, this site using MVC structure, using [Codeigniter](https://codeigniter.com) framework.
for installing this site, you can using Git or Download manually this project into your machine.

    1. Clone using Git / Download manually this repository.
    2. Start your Local web Server (ex. XAMPP).
    3. Copy this project to "htdocs" folder (every local web server have different folder name).
    4. Done.

All config already moved into config.php, you can check every settings of this site from there.
Database config already moved into database.php.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- git
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/imamrasyid/darkblowV42_Website
  ```

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

<a href="https://facebook.com/Ultimate.Defacer">Facebook</a><br>
<a href="https://instagram.com/dev_eyetracker">Instagram</a><br>
<a href="https://discord.gg/zcwBaK9rRG">Discord</a>

<!-- REFERENCE -->

## Reference

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1361925/how-to-enable-socket-in-php">Xampp Socket</a><br>
<a href="https://codeigniter.com/userguide3/">Codeigniter 3 User Guide</a><br>
